let's see what are the equivalents of
sugar that contain the different types
of food that you may be
consuming
What I would show you is that the
organism converts carbohydrates into
sugar
let's start with a typical cereal breakfast
toasted
orange juice
and a banana
the cereal has approximately one
quarter cup of sugar
on toast it has approximately
a quarter cup of sugar
the orange juice has approximately
and the banana has approximately one
eighth of a cup of sugar that only
breakfast let's say the 10 of the
tomorrow you're hungry and if you eat something
for example a yogurt that has
fruit in the background this kind of software
low fat has the huge
equivalent of a quarter cup of
sugar
and for lunch let's say that you
he is taking care of the lines and eating
a chicken breast without the skin and
a baked potato and a bread the chicken
has in his folder the potato has the
tremendous equivalent of a quarter of
cup of sugar in it and the bread also
has a quarter cup of sugar
and when it arrives at 3 in the afternoon and
I felt tired you eat a
how many sweets and a soft drink
the sweet has about a quarter
of what I guess sugar
the soda also has
about a quarter of sugar
then for dinner you behave well
and eat low fat foods so
try to do the right thing as
then pasta bread and a soda in the
pasta again of about a
quarter cup of sugar bread has
another room and the refreshment another room of
cup of sugar starts to give an idea
see how much sugar you have
food that consumes you is incredible
true, keep in mind now that you are
increases of sugar demand a rise of
insulin to eliminate all the sugar
of blood flow this only represents
one day multiplied by 365 days and then
for the age that you have then it goes
to begin to understand why to the
most people find it so difficult
lose weight and why there are so many people
with number of diseases